Add template to RPC commands documentation (#521)
vinteumorg/Floresta: CONTRIBUTING.md

    }
    Ok(())
}
```

Documentation for RPC
---------------------

We aim on having a good documentation and CLI `help` command.

To achieve this, we use the `rustdoc` tool, which generates documentation from Rust source code comments. We also use the `clap` library to generate CLI help and usage information directly from the code.

Please always create a new rpc documentation under the specified [directory](/doc/rpc) and implement using the following syntax on the method command definition:

```rust
#[doc = include_str!("../../../doc/rpc/command.md")]

> #[command(name = "addnode", long_about = Some(include_str!("../../../doc/rpc/command.md")),disable_help_subcommand = true)]

Reviewer: I wonder if it would be better to make these strings a constant of the commands module. WYT ?

Reviewer 2: Then we couldn't use them for other stuff.

Reviewer: why ? 
```Rust
const: str ADDNODE_MD_PATH = "../../../doc/rpc/command.md";

#[doc = include_str!(ADDNODE_MD_PATH)]
```

> #[command(name = "addnode", long_about = Some(include_str!("../../../doc/rpc/command.md")),disable_help_subcommand = true)]

Reviewer 2: I think we should use the big version only for `long_about`, and add a brief introduction for the short description (I believe this is the `#[doc]` part).

Otherwise the `help` command will be huge, and will be very annoying for the case where you just want to figure out what the exact RPC name is or other quick lookups.

Reviewer: Actually, we have a section that does a "short about", the Description Section of the MD files could be used right ?

Reviewer 2: No need for two md files, in the `help` (no command, just help) it should be a one-liner of what this RPC is doing. Like

```rust
/// Adds a new peer to our peer connection list
```
If you want something more detailed, you call e.g. `help addnode` and then you'll see the long about

Author: > I think we should use the big version only for `long_about`, and add a brief introduction for the short description (I believe this is the `#[doc]` part).

I can achieve this config with the following:

```rust
    #[doc = include_str!("../../../doc/rpc/addnode.md")]
    #[command(name = "addnode",about = "Attempts to add or remove a node from the list of addnodes", long_about = Some(include_str!("../../../doc/rpc/addnode.md")),disable_help_subcommand = true)]
    AddNode {
        node: String,
        command: AddNodeCommand,
        v2transport: Option<bool>,
    },
```

Reviewer 2: This works. But I wonder if @jaoleal's suggestion of using constants would make sense here. It would make the attribute way simpler

Author: Yeah, I believe it is a god suggestion. I'll try it out.

Author: Just a clarification, I tried using const but the arg needs to be a string literal. So it did not work as intended and I moved to the current usage with `about` and `long about`

// Some docstring
fn method_name
```

> We also have `man pages` that can be generated using the script [gen_manpages.sh](/contrib/dist/gen_manpages.sh) for releases/distributions or if you want to generate them locally you can also use the `just convert-all` command.

Reviewer: I would like to see a mention of these instructions in some `doc/rpc/README.md` and not only here on `CONTRIBUTING.md` its easy to miss since on superficial appearances Contributing has nothing directly to do with our rpc ways.

Author: I have put it in the Floresta-Cli read.me as I think is more natural for the user to find it there looking for documentation on Floresta-CLI.

> We also have `man pages` that can be generated using the script [gen_manpages.sh](/contrib/dist/gen_manpages.sh) for releases/distributions or if you want to generate them locally you can also use the `just convert-all` command.

Reviewer 2: You forgot to update the command name here.

```suggestion
We also have `man pages` that can be generated using the script [gen_manpages.sh](/contrib/dist/gen_manpages.sh) for releases/distributions or if you want to generate them locally you can also use the `just gen-manpages` command.
```

```bash
just gen-manpages
# or

> chmod +x contrib/dist/gen_manpages.sh
> ./contrib/dist/gen_manpages.sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sh ./contrib/dist/gen_manpages.sh <specific_md_path> # Specifying a md file will make the script only build this single one.
```

Please use the following template example (with the empty lines in between) when developing a new RPC on the `enum Methods` at the [main.rs](/crates/floresta-cli/src/main.rs) and add it to the `trait FlorestaRPC` as well to generate on doc.

```rust
/// Provides comprehensive blockchain statistics including current block height,
///
/// best block hash, chain verification progress, network difficulty, and total work.
///
/// This is one of the most commonly used informational RPCs.
///
/// # Returns
///
/// JSON object containing:
/// - **blocks**: Current block height (integer)
///
/// - **bestblockhash**: Hash of the current best block (string)
///
/// - **difficulty**: Current network difficulty (float)
///
/// - **verificationprogress**: Chain verification progress from 0.0 to 1.0 (float)
///
/// - **chainwork**: Total amount of work in the active chain (string)
///
/// - **warnings**: Any network warnings (string)
///
/// # Examples
///
/// ```bash
/// floresta-cli getblockchaininfo
///
/// floresta-cli -n testnet getblockchaininfo
/// ```

> ///

Reviewer: I would swap these in position and use a literal json object thats the output of the example command.

    }
    Ok(())
}
```

Documentation for RPC
---------------------

We aim on having a good documentation and CLI `help` command.

To achieve this, we use the `rustdoc` tool, which generates documentation from Rust source code comments. We also use the `clap` library to generate CLI help and usage information directly from the code.

> Please, always create a new rpc documentation under the specified [directory](/doc/rpc) and implement using the following syntax on the method command definition:

Reviewer 2: nit: `s/rpc/RPC/`
